Promote "Metadata in Table Schema" recipe to the specs. (#961)
frictionlessdata/datapackage: content/docs/standard/table-schema.mdx

#### `foreignKeys` {#foreignKeys}

> A foreign key is a reference where values in a field (or fields) on the table ('resource' in Data Package terminology) described by this Table Schema connect to values a field (or fields) on this or a separate table (resource). They are directly modelled on the concept of foreign keys in SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A foreign key is a reference where values in a field (or fields) on the table ('resource' in Data Package terminology) described by this Table Schema connect to values a field (or fields) on this or a separate table (resource). This concept is directly modelled on the concept of foreign keys in SQL.
```

```suggestion
A foreign key is a reference where values in a field (or fields) of the table ('resource' in Data Package terminology) described by this Table Schema connect to values a field (or fields) on this or a separate table (resource). They are directly modelled on the concept of foreign keys in SQL.
```

> A foreign key is a reference where values in a field (or fields) on the table ('resource' in Data Package terminology) described by this Table Schema connect to values a field (or fields) on this or a separate table (resource). They are directly modelled on the concept of foreign keys in SQL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A foreign key is a reference where values in a field (or fields) on the table ('resource' in Data Package terminology) described by this Table Schema connect to values a field (or fields) of this or a separate table (resource). They are directly modelled on the concept of foreign keys in SQL.
```

Data consumer MUST support the `foreignKey.fields` and `foreignKey.reference.fields` properties in a form of a single string e.g. `"fields": "a"` which was a part of the `v1.0` of the specification.
:::

#### `name`

A simple name or identifier for the schema (cf. [Data Package](https://datapackage.org/standard/data-package/#name)).

#### `title`

A string providing a title or one sentence description for the schema.

#### `description`

A description of the schema (cf. [Data Package](https://datapackage.org/standard/data-package/#description)).

#### `homepage`

> A URL for the home on the web that is related to the schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A URL for the web page associated with the schema.
```
